oh no . com called the coast
yepo starts coming you take up
call the Coast Guard on you can
see that both they're all my
friends are on that boat set
that out just for US safety is a
big issue here man mess with
people you know you just don't
do it
we have paid by the Coast Guard
this will make my stress take a
turn for the better i know i'll
be able to sleep now
oh yeah their honor I hope he
goes down just got really real
go get started
don't use my book out right now
just watching this I'm getting
pleasure
what's going on with you in the
dot-com he threw away at us 12
ounce weight and then we
proceeded to cut one of the
sewer lines
ok still can sort something
tomorrow pretty much screwed
himself its there's no need for
this man just got enough with
that kid I had enough there with
yes sir oh actually I hope he's
wearing a diaper because I get a
hundred dollars you so hi guys
he's a snitch just like I said
he called the Coast Guard what
it can drive baby he called the
Coast Guard that's like running
to the principal's office
snitches get stitches
here he comes
we're steaming over to Dave
right now and i have no idea
what i was going to do
yeah the coast guard just told
us to stay away from calm and
already Tyler stirring the pot
it's nuts
come on tough guy come on come
on tough guy
come on come on you're a loser
no one likes you bro know what I
just hope he hasn't started a
war that you can't finish it and
it you know who has that kind of
person is going right off the
edge could put it I think he's
really losing it